Changed: The SolverControl, ReductionControl, and
IterationNumberControl classes have constructors that take two boolean
flags `log_history` and `log_result`. The first of these represents
whether each time these classes are asked to evaluate progress of an
iterative solver, it should output information about the current
number of the iteration and the current residual to the `deallog`
object. The latter flag determines whether this kind of output should
be generated once the solver has been determined to have either
succeeded or failed, i.e., at the end of the iteration. By default,
these flags were set to `false` and `true`, respectively.

Creating and formatting this kind of output turns out to be
surprisingly expensive. This is a nuisance because by default, the
`deallog` variable (via the constructor arguments of the LogStream
class) is instructed to simply ignore whatever information is sent to
it, rather than putting the output onto the screen or into a log file.

As a consequence, the defaults of the constructor arguments of the
three classes mentioned above have been changed from `false` and
`true` to `false` and `false`. If you have instructed `deallog` to
pass information given to it to the screen or into an output file, you
can always explicitly also set the constructor arguments of
SolverControl, ReductionControl, or IterationNumberControl objects to
retain the previous behavior.
<br>
(Wolfgang Bangerth, 2025/01/21)
